<fontsize=14>
<h1>SOFTWARE USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Software User License Agreement ("This Agreement") is made between You and 
Jo Langie ("MuTools") regarding the software application MuLab. 

This Agreement is a legal document and You must 
carefully read and agree with it before using MuLab. 

By using MuLab, You are confirming that 
You agree with the terms of This Agreement. 

<h2>Section A: DEFINITIONS

"MuLab" = MuTools' software application called MuLab for 
playing, recording, creating, producing and editing audio, MIDI and music. 
This includes all files contained in the MuLab zip package. 

"MuLab Free" = MuLab as it is installed from the original 
zip package i.e. without being boosted by a MuLab User Key as defined below. 

"MuLab UL User Key" = A character string generated by MuTools for You personally 
starting with [ (left square bracket) and ending with ] (right square bracket) 
which can be used to boost MuLab so it upgrades its functionalities 
towards MuLab UL, as described in the MuLab documentation. 

"MuLab UL" = MuLab boosted by a MuLab UL User Key.

<h2>Section B: GRANTING OF RIGHTS

You're allowed to install and use MuLab Free on any computer on earth. 

You're allowed to use your personal MuLab UL User Key to boost 
MuLab Free to MuLab UL on maximum 2 single-user computers, i.e. excluding servers,
on condition You are the only person using this MuLab UL.

To install MuLab UL on a server, You must purchase a MuLab UL User Key 
for each client computer that is able to run MuLab.
Contact shop@mutools.com for volume discounts.

You're allowed to use the included sounds and/or muclips, except for the demo sessions, 
in your own music tracks on these conditions:
a) The used sounds and/or muclips are only a part of your music tracks, mixed with other elements too.
b) You're not allowed to sell or distribute these included sounds or muclips in their individual form. 
c) The copyright of the original sounds and muclips stays with MuTools.

<h2>Section C: LICENSE RESTRICTIONS

Your MuLab User Key is strictly personal to You only. 

You may not distribute, share, sell, give away, rent, lease or sublicense your MuLab User Key. 

You may not distribute, share, sell, give away, rent, lease or sublicense MuLab.

You may not decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble MuLab. 

You may not modify MuLab or create derivative works based upon MuLab. 

This Agreement gives You limited rights to use MuLab. 

Although You own the media on which MuLab is recorded, You do not become the owner of MuLab. 

All rights not specifically granted in This Agreement are reserved by MuTools. 

<h2>Section D: DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

MuLab is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind either express or implied, 
including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability, 
non-infringement or fitness for a particular purpose, all of which MuTools 
specifically disclaims to the maximum extent permitted by law. 

Use MuLab at Your own risk. 

MuTools will not be liable for any data loss, damages, loss of profits or 
any other kind of loss while You're using MuLab. 

MuTools does not warrant that the functions contained in MuLab will meet Your requirements 
or that the operation of MuLab will be uninterrupted or error free. 

<h2>Section E: JURISDICTION

This Agreement shall be subject to and construed in accordance with Belgian law and 
You and MuTools hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Belgian Courts.